README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="preview image" src=".github/preview.jpg">
</p>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color=545454&labelColor=000" alt="License">
  <img style="margin: 0 24px;" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NitoBa/ignite-ds?label=forks&message=MIT&color=545454&labelColor=000" alt="Forks">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/NitoBa/ignite-ds?label=stars&message=MIT&color=545454&labelColor=000" alt="Stars">
</div>

<h1 align="center">
  Piauindie
</h1>

<p align="center">
Here there are an amazing description
</p>

<br>

## 🚀 How to install

To install the depencies for all apps (web and admin) use the following script

```bash
npm run install:all
```

To install the depencies for each app (web and admin) use the following script

Web:

```bash
npm run install:web
```

or

Admin:

```bash
npm run install:admin
```

## 🚀 How to run the apps

To run both apps (admin and web) run the following command

```bash
npm run dev:all
```

To run individual apps run the following commands

For web application:

```bash
npm run dev:web
```

For admin application:

```bash
npm run dev:admin
```

> Note: to run admin application you need up a postgres database.

> Create a `.env` file on the root admin application following the
> `.env.example` file

To execute postgres database locally using docker run the following command

```bash
npm run docker:up
```

With your postgres database configurated and running, start the admin
application

## 🧪 Technologies

This project was developed using the following technologies:

- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/)
- [ChakraUI](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [KeystoneJS](https://keystonejs.com/)
- [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/)
- [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/)
- [GraphQLCodegen](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/codegen)
- [Typescript](https://storybook.js.org/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)

## 📝 License

## This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Made with 💜 by [Piauindie](https://nito-dev.vercel.app/) 👋

Commit message:

docs: add how to contribute section

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="preview image" src=".github/preview.jpg">
</p>

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color=545454&labelColor=000" alt="License">
  <img style="margin: 0 24px;" src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/NitoBa/ignite-ds?label=forks&message=MIT&color=545454&labelColor=000" alt="Forks">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/NitoBa/ignite-ds?label=stars&message=MIT&color=545454&labelColor=000" alt="Stars">
</div>

<h1 align="center">
  Piauindie
</h1>

<p align="center">
Here there are an amazing description
</p>

<br>

## 🚀 How to install

To install the depencies for all apps (web and admin) use the following script

```bash
npm run install:all
```

To install the depencies for each app (web and admin) use the following script

Web:

```bash
npm run install:web
```

or

Admin:

```bash
npm run install:admin
```

## 🚀 How to run the apps

To run both apps (admin and web) run the following command

```bash
npm run dev:all
```

To run individual apps run the following commands

For web application:

```bash
npm run dev:web
```

For admin application:

```bash
npm run dev:admin
```

> Note: to run admin application you need up a postgres database.

> Create a `.env` file on the root admin application following the
> `.env.example` file

To execute postgres database locally using docker run the following command

```bash
npm run docker:up
```

With your postgres database configurated and running, start the admin
application

## 🚀 How to contribute

This project following the guidelines of the gitflow and convensional commit

`git commit -m "feat: add new feature"`

If you don't know about this, don't worry, in the root path of repository run
the following command

```bash
npm run commit
```

and follow the instructions given by the terminal

## 🧪 Technologies

This project was developed using the following technologies:

- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/)
- [ChakraUI](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [KeystoneJS](https://keystonejs.com/)
- [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/)
- [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/)
- [GraphQLCodegen](https://the-guild.dev/graphql/codegen)
- [Typescript](https://storybook.js.org/)
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Supabase](https://supabase.com/)

## 📝 License

## This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Made with 💜 by [Piauindie](https://nito-dev.vercel.app/) 👋
